Refactor How To doc (#5850)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/iota-evm/explanations/states.md

The state of the chain consists of:

> - A ledger of accounts owning IOTA _digital assets_ (base tokens and NFTs). The chain acts as a custodian

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A ledger of accounts owning IOTA _digital assets_ (coins and other objects). The chain acts as a custodian
```
